alright what up YouTube Haiti here bring
you guys in the commentary and I'm here
to talk about Peyton Manning and
obviously we know guys that Peyton
Manning it looks like he will no longer
be an Indianapolis Colts like peep the
Indianapolis Colts will go ahead and cut
them so right now there are a few teams
on his list of Washington Redskins the
Miami Dolphins maybe the Arizona
Cardinals it looks like now but right
now you know teams have reported to be
very interested it seems like everything
that doesn't have a quarterback right
now or teams like San Francisco where
obviously if they get Peyton Manning and
they use him as a starting quarterback
they improve so I mean right now a lot
of teams are showing interest in him but
right now it seems like Peyton Manning
will be a Miami Dolphin and you know
what espn's NFL insider Adam Schefter
said then the Miami Dolphins are on top
of Peyton Manning's list he said is I
think Peyton Manning's wife love the
area Peyton Manning already has a few
houses down here and he loves the area
and he's really enjoying the idea of
playing with some skill position players
he likes playing behind good defense so
it seems like right now it seems like
the Miami Dolphins are in front of
everybody I'm according to ESPN NFL
insider Adam Schefter and it also seems
to be confirmed by South Florida's
newspaper the sun sentinel and it's also
being confirmed by some sources and
nfl.com right now it seems like Peyton
Manning will be a Miami Dolphin another
thing is Stephen Ross the miami dolphins
owner has been looking for a guy like
peyton manning a starting quarterback a
superstar so Jeff Ireland and Stephen
naroz the Jeff Ireland's dolphins GM but
anyways Jeff Ireland and Stephen Ross
they're gonna go and give Peyton Manning
a huge contract I mean Peyton Manning if
he becomes a Miami Dolphin he will
probably getting a very very very large
contract and you know what they're gonna
be taking a huge risk because if Peyton
Manning isn't healthy obviously he's
been cleared to play if Peyton Manning
can't be the Peyton Manning he was two
years ago then the Dolphins are in
trouble so we're gonna have to see you
guys right now it seems like the Miami
Dolphins will begin Peyton Manning there
also seems to be some interest from the
Arizona Cardinals maybe the New York
Jets go after who knows guys but what I
have to ask you guys is what team do you
guys think Peyton Manning will play for
and what team would you like
to play 40 but anyways guys let me know
what you guys think about Peyton Manning
obviously there's gonna be a bidding war
on Peyton Manning but anyways guys let
me know what you guys think hey to hear
sana